{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Battle Map\
\
Battle Map is a Japanese RPG esque game. You are presented with three green characters on the left hand of the screen, three red characters in the middle of the screen, three different colored buttons on the right of the screen, and LEDs above the screen. The green characters are yours and the red ones are enemies. The blinking green character is the character who currently gets to make a move. You can select its action by pressing the A button over either the red, green, or blue dots on the right. The red dot signifies attacking, the green is for healing, and the blue defense. If you press A on either the red or green buttons you can then use the arrow buttons to choose whom to attack or heal respectively. The blue button automatically increases the defense of the character that is currently blinking. The LEDs display the health of the character you are currently hovering over.  \
\
Surprisingly, I found that the hardest part of the game was not the calculations for attack and defense, but rather the graphics. Making sure the the only characters that you have selected blink was very difficult.\
\
Kyle helped me to realize that I could use simple math for detecting which character the player wishes to select. If they hit up hover = hover -1 if they hit right hover = hover + 3.\
\
The only bug that I could find left in the game is a graphical one. Sometimes even after you kill and enemy they are displayed on the screen. The game treats them as dead. You can\'92t select or attack them. They also don\'92t attack, heal, or defend but they nevertheless are shown on the screen.\
\
If I had more time I would develop a better AI for the enemy. Currently it\'92s making decisions based on the random function. I would instead introduce more code that would look at all the stats of the other characters so that the opponent could respond more intelligently.\
\
This project taught me about classes. I used them frequently to make holding information about each character much easier. \
}